treview
1t"As USUAL another Great pizza. Great team they've got there. ** and ** are FANTASTIC!! Every time we see that they're there, either one baking our Pizza we KNOW it's going to be Great! Those two need and deserve not only a HEFTY bonus but also a promotion! Sincerely, Alan and Helen **. P.S. I would've added a picture but it LOOKED SO FANTASTIC we just couldn't wait to start eating it! Lol Also we've NEVER gotten even an avg. Pizza when one of those two are there making the pizzas. NOTHING short of FANTASTIC EACH AND EVERY TIME! The restaurant's address is: 2222-B Gum Branch Rd B, Jacksonville, NC 28546."
2t"The crew there goes far and beyond the expectations of delivering a hot pie. Whether it's delivered or carry out they were always satisfied me in every way they can and one of the employees there is one of the best. If it wasn't for Malachi that works at the 20th and Harrison store in Ogden Utah I'd probably find another store just because his smile brings me back every time. He goes beyond to make a customer satisfied, make sure that they leave with a smile on their face and they're going to come back. Domino's needs more employees like that."
3t"Back in the late 80's, we used to order from Domino's on occasion, maybe a couple times a month. Then by the mid 90's their food changed and was absolutely horrible. So I stopped ordering from them. Lately, I have been seeing that they made some changes and a friend told me that the pizza he ordered one night was very good. So now I am traveling for work, and Domino's is the only place that hires their own drivers still instead of Door Dash (which sucks but that is another whole story) so I thought what the heck, let's go ahead and see what Domino's is like now. I was absolutely impressed. Hard to fully remember 20 years ago, but I would go as far to say that the food is even better than originally."
4t"I placed my order online for ""curbside pickup"" at the Alliance, Ohio Domino's Pizza. They said my order would be ready for pick up 6:59 pm. I arrived in the parking space at 6:57 pm. I followed their instructions of sending a text telling them I have arrived and turned on my parking lights. Whoo hoo! My order appeared at my car at exactly 7:00 pm. Needless to say, the pasta dishes and the pizza I ordered were very hot and baked to perfection. This is not the first time everything was perfect. It has happened every time I have ordered from the Alliance, Ohio Domino's. Thank you very much! We love our Alliance, Ohio Domino's!!!"
5t"I had a very long day at work today and I was starving, it was late and Domino's was the only pizza place open so I called in an order I had a feeling and it wasn't going to be right and it wasn't but when I got there, Braxton was there at the cash register and he was the kindest most polite person I've ever met in customer service. He went above and beyond, made me exactly what I wanted. He just totally made my day."
6t"We ordered extra cheese with sausage and mushrooms on our pizza. The toppings were slim and there was no extra cheese. Yet get charged for those items. 50% of the pizza did not have cheese or sauce. Not impressed."
7t"The worst pizza ever nothing but air pockets and it was cold. Will never eat Dominos again. Pizza Hut for life. To think I gave them a chance and was very disappointed in the service and the pizza. Took forever to get the pizza and then it horrible in every way, never again"
8t"After I waited an hour and 20 mins for my order my Wings were not Well Done per my request! I stressed to please run my Wings thru 2x. I want them well done because last time I ordered Wings they were not done at all so I will not be ordering from them ever again then the manager seem to have an attitude when I called to make them aware of the situation…Anderson SC North Main Location."
9t"There is no customer care number, if we connect they misbehaving, also I ordered pizza but after 1 hours still pending on app there is service. Please order from Zomato only. Please don't order from Zomato app. Service persons are idiots and don't pick up your call also."
10t"The price for your special 2 med pizzas bread with garlic and the cinnamon rolls for $19.99. The bread and rolls great. The 2 pizzas cooked too long. Another minute it be burnt and crust way too thin. Normally I don't review. Had to on this."
11t"Bryant, Ar. I ordered a New York style pizza and received a CHEESE pizza. I called the store to report it and was told “the person who made it said they put pepperoni on it”. At first I giggled and then I became mad. How do you tell a customer that? My reply “are you the manager?” His reply “NOPE”!"
12t"Ordered pizza for my daughter online, waited over an hour outside, waiting over 30 minutes inside the store, nobody is on counter, never felt helpless like this. This is Latham, New York Domino store."
13t"I've been experiencing some problems with the pizza toppings lately. Specifically, the pepperoni and ham toppings seem to be sliced too thinly which makes them tough and dry to eat. Additionally, whenever I request some chilly pepper flakes, the pizza makers tend to put an excessive amount, making the pizza too spicy for me to enjoy."
14t"I go to this store at least 1 time a week, always fast, friendly and go the extra mile to satisfy the customer, I accidentally rated 1 star early in a hurry, please disregard that!!!; Thanks for all you do."
15t"Domino's in Yakima store #7164 was amazing at supporting our staff and students at McClure Elementary! They made teacher appreciation and pizza with the principal a success! We are very thankful for Domino's!"
16t"This store does not know how to treat customers. Every time you order something they mess it up then, mad when you call in. They don’t hire ** people either. This store sucks. I eat at lots of Domino's and never experience this behavior! · 3732 W Truman Blvd."
17t"I have been ordering the Brooklyn style pizza for a couple of years. Since you changed to N.Y. style, I thought it would be even better, however, it is nowhere near as good as the Brooklyn style. Thanks for ruining a good thing."
18t"Why is there no facial hair nets for these guys ... Seriously where is the professional behavior here and what makes this right. It is very bad and unclean. Numerous occasions and never a hair net and you wonder why there's hair in our food? Please tend to this."
19t"The topping was ok, pizza was cooked nicely, it was the way I ordered. But very salty and spicy. For the last ten years I have been advising them to cut back in salt and pepper. You do not enjoy the pizza the way that it should be. I am sure the people who create the sauce do not know anything about the importance taste the pizza."
20t"By far the worst experience I have had!! Domino's on 1430 Foothill Dr in Salt Lake City should be ashamed of themselves! We ordered 2 medium pizzas that were delivered to the wrong address then brought 45 min later. Cold, soggy and wrong toppings. After speaking to the manager we were given a credit for the order! Today week later we called, spoke to manager and redeemed credit. He assured us the pizzas would be delivered with no issues. 45 min later we get a call from the delivery driver who said he refuses to deliver as he couldn’t find us! Called the store to speak to manager and ** who stated he was manager at 6pm stated if we have had such issues we are free to order from somewhere else and refused to give us corporate's number or owner and hung up on us! The employees here are rude and give horrible customer service! They should be ashamed of themselves!"
21t"I made an order and it was not delivered to my address. Olivia the driver, insisted she delivered it properly. I called the store and the girl who answered was extremely rude. Worst customer service I've ever had. She refused to send my order again basically calling me a liar and hung up on me. I'll never order grab Domino's again. Funny tho.. Pizza Hut did find my address and it only took 20 minutes and the food is great."
22t"Poor excuse for NY style pizza. All it is, is a thinner version of their regular pizza. So pay more for less. Not at all impressed. As everything gets more and more expensive the quality of things are getting less & less!"
23t"Domino's pizza Southdale Lakewood. This location is despicable. The customer service is a hopeless joke. As unprofessional as it gets. Shame on the franchise for letting this location turned into garbage. Don't stress yourself out trying to order from here. Buy from elsewhere. This location is dead to me."
24t"If I could rate a zero I would. I recently ordered pizzas online from the location near me in St Catharines. I paid with a credit card and had to enter my name and card info. I've ordered from this store many times in the past and no issues. Shortly after this order, I saw two large purchases were made online from two Best Buy stores here in St Catharines for over $3000 which were not mine. Domino's was the ONLY place that had my card info since I always use the tap feature when paying. I will never order from them again and will be warning others. My credit card company is investigating and I sincerely hope they are caught and charged."
25t"Pizza was over cooked, almost burnt and made me and my wife sick, on the toilet and throwing up after eating it, won't be back, too many other pizza places to go to. Been there in the past and wasn't bad but this time was the worst pizza I ever had."
26t"The worst-tasting pizza I had in my life. I am not hard to please but this was awful. The crust was like cardboard, hardly any cheese or sauce and dry. One pizza had a lot of the two toppings but the other had hardly any. I will not come back. YUCK!"
27t"Domino's Pizza is junk. The cheese they use is crap. I hope to see this franchise go away and get real pizza in this country. Stop supporting crappy imitation pizza! So many Commercials on TV. How about less commercial and better real pizza!"
28t"Your company could do a lot better if you would use a good grade of cheese. I'm from close to Chicago, I worked in a pizza place for a year and a half. The cheese you use is terrible, no taste, also when you pay for extra toppings they should get extra. Do you notice the higher priced pizza places are packed, so you get good cheese increases your price, people will pay for good food. Thank you."
29t"HORRIBLE. 0 STAR IF I COULD. Literally took a total of 75 minutes not including driving to get my pizzas. I ordered 2 large ones hand tossed, it took 30 minutes just for the workers to realize they gave our pizza to another customer. Took 15 minutes to remake our pizzas which weren't even right, they gave us 2 mediums and got mad when we tried to explain how it wasn't the correct order. They had an attitude the entire time as well as took another 25 minutes to make our actual correct order. They even at the end managed to get our receipt wrong. They wrote that we paid for other pizzas but also that we spend $0. Overall horrible experience. Don't recommend."
30t"Our location had a deal going on for a two topping large pizza. I ordered two on the app. I wasn't surprised or upset that the wait was a while because there was deal going on and it was a Thursday with no school the next day. I came to pick up the order and I ended up getting four medium pizzas. I believe it was because they had ran out of large boxes. I felt bad they were busy and looked a bit stressed. So HUGE thank you to the staff at Dominos."
31t"Garlic bread is not as like the picture; it shows no sign of cheese shown in the picture and is poorly tasted. And it does not taste like garlic bread (like Indian naan bread with little garlic seasoning on top not even garlic paste like actual garlic bread). My experience is bad."
32t"The store is very nice and clean and the cashier server was very nice but my pizza was way greasy and very salty but what do you expect for a special of $6.99. I guess I haven't had take out pizza in years. Not sure I will again in a while."
33t"Please explain to me why, why does the salad I purchased 3 days ago in a Braums drive thru look a million times better than the salad I received with my pizza order from Domino's TONIGHT? Also, the garden salad from Braums was a dollar less than the Domino's garden salad, and contained more salad, croutons, tomatoes and cheese. If ya can't put together a decent salad, perhaps Domino's should not offer them (Especially if the lettuce is somewhat brown)?"
34t"So I order Domino's one night. Now the site says they close at 1am. I ordered at around 1140pm. I didn't receive my order until 2am and it was wrong and cold. I tried to call and got put on hold. It was 12pm on a Sunday. They weren't that busy."
35t"I am a regular customer but what has me really irritated is the inconsistency of the pizzas. The pizzas I ordered today were dry, had absolutely no toppings and were tasteless and arrived cold. Dinner was a disaster and when I tried complaining on the website all I got was they will get back in 24 hours which wasn't the solution. This isn't the first time this has happened and has really made me question my loyalty to this so-called brand."
36t"I am disappointed with Domino's Pizza. I have been ordering pizza home delivery. But my last two orders have been extremely disheartening. The delivery guy dropped my pizza carelessly at my apartment door and walk away like he just dropped trash. And my last order which was today. I ordered a 14inch pizza. I waited for more than two hours it was never delivered. When I called the customer representative claimed the driver was new. I called with the second hour only to be told the same excuse. And to my surprise they claimed they delivered my order when no pizza was delivered. I will never order pizza from Domino's again."
37t"I hate their app. It changes places of locations when ordering pizza. Only way to get coupons is through the app. It is not user-friendly, I hate it after the last update. I wish they would make it so much easier to use."
38t"I ordered 2 steak hoagies and cheddar, bacon-loaded tots. The steak hoagies were burnt, bread too hard to bite and no sauce. They were not edible at all. When I tried to call the store, the phone just rang until it disconnected the line. Unfortunately, we will not be eating tonight."
39t"I placed an order at the Domino’s here in Fostoria, Ohio. Pan Pizza is okay-ish (not cooked long enough for cheese to fully melt. The dough for any of the pizzas is never thoroughly cooked, it’s always still doughy as if it was only cooked halfway instead of fully. The junk food, cakes and whatever, are always perfect. Just the junk food, everything else is just a disappointment. Customer services are alright, but the people working there are also highly undereducated. And after I made a complaint about my pizza not being cooked fully, the next time I got a pizza from them it was OVER cooked, nearly everything on it was burnt brown or black. I’m never ordering from Domino’s ever again. Literally. It used to be a great pizza franchise but now it’s just not worth the money anymore."
40t"I am mainly writing this about their wings. They now have so little of the sauce on them that the sauce is untasteable. They used to be very good, but with no sauce They get a 0 star review. Pizza is still decent though."
